Create cors check & and /health path, impl List (#19)
OpenlistOrg/backend: README.md

```

# Database
Run the `docker-compose up -d` and `diesel setup && diesel migration run` to start the database container and run migrations. After success open [localhost:8080](http://localhost:8080/?pgsql=db&username=postgres&db=openlist&ns=public) to locate the data.

## Thanks to canduma project

> Big thanks to the [canduma](https://github.com/clifinger/canduma) project and all the contributor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Big thanks to the [canduma](https://github.com/clifinger/canduma) project and all its contributors.
```

## Security

### Important security considerations

We use session cookies for authentication.

**Why not JWT authentication?**

[Stop Using JWT for sessions and why your solution doesn't work](http://cryto.net/~joepie91/blog/2016/06/19/stop-using-jwt-for-sessions-part-2-why-your-solution-doesnt-work/)

The use of JWT remains secure only if you use adequate storage.
This boilerplate is built for use in a micro-services architecture.

JWT can be use for representing claims to be transferred between two parties.

The private key should only be on this micro-service.

> public key can be used on all other parties to decode the token.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The public key can be used on the other parties to decode the token.
```
